README.md, before:

# Dereth Exploration Automation

This project contains a set of routes and meta profiles for
[VTank](http://www.virindi.net/wiki/index.php/Virindi_Tank)
with the goal to automate the [Dereth Exploration](http://acpedia.org/wiki/Dereth_Exploration) quest series.

## I want to use these, what do I do?
All .met files are self-contained. Just download the one(s) you want, put them into your VTank installation folder, log in to the game and they should be available and functional.

It is recommended that you use a profile that contains all life buffs and at the very least BPS banes.
You should not be burdened and certainly not defenseless!

## Known Issues
### All meta profiles
- You need Recall Aphus Lassel for any of the profiles to work
- The meta profile will set the following default values in your profile:
  - ApproachDistance 0
  - AttackDistance 4
  - UsePortalDistance 0.018
  - NavFarStopRange 20

### Party-Goer
- The marker at Banderling Castle requires combat to be reached reliably due to too many mobs in the path. It is recommended to have only slash weapon in your profile

## I want to help, what do I do?

Fork this project, add/update routes or meta profiles and make a pull request. Please make sure your commits as well as the pull request have useful comments explaining all changes or additions.

### Contributing to routes
- All routes need to start with a 10 second pause followed by Recall to Aphus Lassel or another quest recall
- Always use AL recall if there is a route from Town Network, even if using a different recall would be shorter or faster. The goal is to keep the requirements as minimal as possible!
- It is recommended to put a 5 second pause after the use of portal. This seems to prevent some issues on bad connections.
- Route names should start with xploreTo 
- It is better to run around a narrow passage than to "lag thru" it

### Contributing to meta profiles
- Always start by flagging and end at Sean the Speedy in Holtburg. Use the ExplorationTemplate profile as a template.
- When adding or modifying embedded routes, make sure the route file is also added or updated. The only exception to this are routes with a single nav point to use a marker
- Name your states for navigating to a marker and using it similarly, e.g. goToMarker1 and useMarker1
- To use a marker, create a "circular" route to use it and follow it with state change based on a chat message matching "You have found a total of \d+ of the Exploration Markers."

Commit message:

Update README to be more clear that .met files use embedded routes

README.md, after:

# Dereth Exploration Automation

This project contains a set of routes and meta profiles for
[VTank](http://www.virindi.net/wiki/index.php/Virindi_Tank)
with the goal to automate the [Dereth Exploration](http://acpedia.org/wiki/Dereth_Exploration) quest series.

## I want to use these, what do I do?
All .met files are self-contained. Just download the one(s) you want, put them into your VTank installation folder,
log in to the game and they should be available and functional.

To be clear: If you just want to use these, only download the .met file you want.
You do *not need to download individual routes* to use a .met file.

It is recommended that you use a profile that contains all life buffs and at the very least BPS banes.
You should not be burdened and certainly not defenseless!


## Known Issues
### All meta profiles
- You need Recall Aphus Lassel for any of the profiles to work
- The meta profile will set the following default values in your profile:
  - ApproachDistance 0
  - AttackDistance 4
  - UsePortalDistance 0.018
  - NavFarStopRange 20

### Party-Goer
- The marker at Banderling Castle requires combat to be reached reliably due to too many mobs in the path. It is recommended to have only slash weapon in your profile

## I want to help, what do I do?

Fork this project, add/update routes or meta profiles and make a pull request. Please make sure your commits as well as the pull request have useful comments explaining all changes or additions.

### Contributing to routes
- All routes need to start with a 10 second pause followed by Recall to Aphus Lassel or another quest recall
- Always use AL recall if there is a route from Town Network, even if using a different recall would be shorter or faster. The goal is to keep the requirements as minimal as possible!
- It is recommended to put a 5 second pause after the use of portal. This seems to prevent some issues on bad connections.
- Route names should start with xploreTo 
- It is better to run around a narrow passage than to "lag thru" it

### Contributing to meta profiles
- Always start by flagging and end at Sean the Speedy in Holtburg. Use the ExplorationTemplate profile as a template.
- When adding or modifying embedded routes, make sure the route file is also added or updated. The only exception to this are routes with a single nav point to use a marker
- Name your states for navigating to a marker and using it similarly, e.g. goToMarker1 and useMarker1
- To use a marker, create a "circular" route to use it and follow it with state change based on a chat message matching "You have found a total of \d+ of the Exploration Markers."
